1;String;ACCESS_CHECKIN_PROPERTIES;   -   ;"Allows read/write access to the ""properties"" table in the checkin database, to change values that get uploaded."2;String;ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION;   -   ;Allows an app to access approximate location derived from network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi.3;String;ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION;   -   ;Allows an app to access precise location from location sources such as GPS, cell towers, and Wi-Fi.4;String;ACCESS_LOCATION_EXTRA_COMMANDS;   -   ;Allows an application to access extra location provider commands5;String;ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION;   -   ;Allows an application to create mock location providers for testing6;String;ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE;   -   ;Allows applications to access information about networks7;String;ACCESS_SURFACE_FLINGER;   -   ;Allows an application to use SurfaceFlinger's low level features.8;String;ACCESS_WIFI_STATE;   -   ;Allows applications to access information about Wi-Fi networks9;String;ACCOUNT_MANAGER;   -   ;Allows applications to call into AccountAuthenticators.10;String;ADD_VOICEMAIL;   -   ;Allows an application to add voicemails into the system.11;String;AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS;   -   ;Allows an application to act as an AccountAuthenticator for the AccountManager12;String;BATTERY_STATS;   -   ;Allows an application to collect battery statistics13;String;BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by an AccessibilityService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.14;String;BIND_APPWIDGET;   -   ;Allows an application to tell the AppWidget service which application can access AppWidget's data.15;String;BIND_CARRIER_MESSAGING_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by a CarrierMessagingService.16;String;BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN;   -   ;Must be required by device administration receiver, to ensure that only the system can interact with it.17;String;BIND_DREAM_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by an DreamService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.18;String;BIND_INPUT_METHOD;   -   ;Must be required by an InputMethodService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.19;String;BIND_NFC_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by a HostApduService or OffHostApduService to ensure that only the system can bind to it.20;String;BIND_NOTIFICATION_LISTENER_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by an NotificationListenerService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.21;String;BIND_PRINT_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by a PrintService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.22;String;BIND_REMOTEVIEWS;   -   ;Must be required by a RemoteViewsService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.23;String;BIND_TEXT_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by a TextService (e.g.24;String;BIND_TV_INPUT;   -   ;Must be required by a TvInputService to ensure that only the system can bind to it.25;String;BIND_VOICE_INTERACTION;   -   ;Must be required by a VoiceInteractionService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.26;String;BIND_VPN_SERVICE;   -   ;Must be required by a VpnService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.27;String;BIND_WALLPAPER;   -   ;Must be required by a WallpaperService, to ensure that only the system can bind to it.28;String;BLUETOOTH;   -   ;Allows applications to connect to paired bluetooth devices29;String;BLUETOOTH_ADMIN;   -   ;Allows applications to discover and pair bluetooth devices30;String;BLUETOOTH_PRIVILEGED;   -   ;Allows applications to pair bluetooth devices without user interaction, and to allow or disallow phonebook access or message access.31;String;BODY_SENSORS;   -   ;Allows an application to access data from sensors that the user uses to measure what is happening inside his/her body, such as heart rate.32;String;BRICK;   -   ;Required to be able to disable the device (very dangerous!).33;String;BROADCAST_PACKAGE_REMOVED;   -   ;Allows an application to broadcast a notification that an application package has been removed.34;String;BROADCAST_SMS;   -   ;Allows an application to broadcast an SMS receipt notification.35;String;BROADCAST_STICKY;   -   ;Allows an application to broadcast sticky intents.36;String;BROADCAST_WAP_PUSH;   -   ;Allows an application to broadcast a WAP PUSH receipt notification.37;String;CALL_PHONE;   -   ;Allows an application to initiate a phone call without going through the Dialer user interface for the user to confirm the call being placed.38;String;CALL_PRIVILEGED;   -   ;Allows an application to call any phone number, including emergency numbers, without going through the Dialer user interface for the user to confirm the call being placed.39;String;CAMERA;   -   ;Required to be able to access the camera device.40;String;CAPTURE_AUDIO_OUTPUT;   -   ;Allows an application to capture audio output.41;String;CAPTURE_SECURE_VIDEO_OUTPUT;   -   ;Allows an application to capture secure video output.42;String;CAPTURE_VIDEO_OUTPUT;   -   ;Allows an application to capture video output.43;String;CHANGE_COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE;   -   ;Allows an application to change whether an application component (other than its own) is enabled or not.44;String;CHANGE_CONFIGURATION;   -   ;Allows an application to modify the current configuration, such as locale.45;String;CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE;   -   ;Allows applications to change network connectivity state46;String;CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE;   -   ;Allows applications to enter Wi-Fi Multicast mode47;String;CHANGE_WIFI_STATE;   -   ;Allows applications to change Wi-Fi connectivity state48;String;CLEAR_APP_CACHE;   -   ;Allows an application to clear the caches of all installed applications on the device.49;String;CLEAR_APP_USER_DATA;   -   ;Allows an application to clear user data.50;String;CONTROL_LOCATION_UPDATES;   -   ;Allows enabling/disabling location update notifications from the radio.51;String;DELETE_CACHE_FILES;   -   ;Allows an application to delete cache files.52;String;DELETE_PACKAGES;   -   ;Allows an application to delete packages.53;String;DEVICE_POWER;   -   ;Allows low-level access to power management.54;String;DIAGNOSTIC;   -   ;Allows applications to RW to diagnostic resources.55;String;DISABLE_KEYGUARD;   -   ;Allows applications to disable the keyguard56;String;DUMP;   -   ;Allows an application to retrieve state dump information from system services.57;String;EXPAND_STATUS_BAR;   -   ;Allows an application to expand or collapse the status bar.58;String;FACTORY_TEST;   -   ;Run as a manufacturer test application, running as the root user.59;String;FLASHLIGHT;   -   ;Allows access to the flashlight60;String;FORCE_BACK;   -   ;Allows an application to force a BACK operation on whatever is the top activity.61;String;GET_ACCOUNTS;   -   ;Allows access to the list of accounts in the Accounts Service62;String;GET_PACKAGE_SIZE;   -   ;Allows an application to find out the space used by any package.63;String;GET_TASKS;   -   ;This constant was deprecated in API level 21. No longer enforced.64;String;GET_TOP_ACTIVITY_INFO;   -   ;Allows an application to retrieve private information about the current top activity, such as any assist context it can provide.65;String;GLOBAL_SEARCH;   -   ;This permission can be used on content providers to allow the global search system to access their data.66;String;HARDWARE_TEST;   -   ;Allows access to hardware peripherals.67;String;INJECT_EVENTS;   -   ;Allows an application to inject user events (keys, touch, trackball) into the event stream and deliver them to ANY window.68;String;INSTALL_LOCATION_PROVIDER;   -   ;Allows an application to install a location provider into the Location Manager.69;String;INSTALL_PACKAGES;   -   ;Allows an application to install packages.70;String;INSTALL_SHORTCUT;   -   ;Allows an application to install a shortcut in Launcher71;String;INTERNAL_SYSTEM_WINDOW;   -   ;Allows an application to open windows that are for use by parts of the system user interface.72;String;INTERNET;   -   ;Allows applications to open network sockets.73;String;KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES;   -   ;Allows an application to call killBackgroundProcesses(String).74;String;LOCATION_HARDWARE;   -   ;Allows an application to use location features in hardware, such as the geofencing api.75;String;MANAGE_ACCOUNTS;   -   ;Allows an application to manage the list of accounts in the AccountManager76;String;MANAGE_APP_TOKENS;   -   ;Allows an application to manage (create, destroy, Z-order) application tokens in the window manager.77;String;MANAGE_DOCUMENTS;   -   ;Allows an application to manage access to documents, usually as part of a document picker.78;String;MASTER_CLEAR;   -   ;Not for use by third-party applications.79;String;MEDIA_CONTENT_CONTROL;   -   ;Allows an application to know what content is playing and control its playback.80;String;MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS;   -   ;Allows an application to modify global audio settings81;String;MODIFY_PHONE_STATE;   -   ;Allows modification of the telephony state - power on, mmi, etc.82;String;MOUNT_FORMAT_FILESYSTEMS;   -   ;Allows formatting file systems for removable storage.83;String;MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS;   -   ;Allows mounting and unmounting file systems for removable storage.84;String;NFC;   -   ;Allows applications to perform I/O operations over NFC85;String;PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY;   -   ;"This constant was deprecated in API level 9. This functionality will be removed in the future; please do not use. Allow an application to make its activities persistent."86;String;PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS;   -   ;Allows an application to see the number being dialed during an outgoing call with the option to redirect the call to a different number or abort the call altogether.87;String;READ_CALENDAR;   -   ;Allows an application to read the user's calendar data.88;String;READ_CALL_LOG;   -   ;Allows an application to read the user's call log.89;String;READ_CONTACTS;   -   ;Allows an application to read the user's contacts data.90;String;READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE;   -   ;Allows an application to read from external storage.91;String;READ_FRAME_BUFFER;   -   ;Allows an application to take screen shots and more generally get access to the frame buffer data.92;String;READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS;   -   ;Allows an application to read (but not write) the user's browsing history and bookmarks.93;String;READ_INPUT_STATE;   -   ;This constant was deprecated in API level 16. The API that used this permission has been removed.94;String;READ_LOGS;   -   ;Allows an application to read the low-level system log files.95;String;READ_PHONE_STATE;   -   ;Allows read only access to phone state.96;String;READ_PROFILE;   -   ;Allows an application to read the user's personal profile data.97;String;READ_SMS;   -   ;Allows an application to read SMS messages.98;String;READ_SOCIAL_STREAM;   -   ;"This constant was deprecated in API level 21. This functionality will be unsupported in the future; cursors returned will be empty. Please do not use."99;String;READ_SYNC_SETTINGS;   -   ;Allows applications to read the sync settings100;String;READ_SYNC_STATS;   -   ;Allows applications to read the sync stats101;String;READ_USER_DICTIONARY;   -   ;Allows an application to read the user dictionary.102;String;READ_VOICEMAIL;   -   ;Allows an application to read voicemails in the system.103;String;REBOOT;   -   ;Required to be able to reboot the device.104;String;RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED;   -   ;Allows an application to receive the ACTION_BOOT_COMPLETED that is broadcast after the system finishes booting.105;String;RECEIVE_MMS;   -   ;Allows an application to monitor incoming MMS messages, to record or perform processing on them.106;String;RECEIVE_SMS;   -   ;Allows an application to monitor incoming SMS messages, to record or perform processing on them.107;String;RECEIVE_WAP_PUSH;   -   ;Allows an application to monitor incoming WAP push messages.108;String;RECORD_AUDIO;   -   ;Allows an application to record audio109;String;REORDER_TASKS;   -   ;Allows an application to change the Z-order of tasks110;String;RESTART_PACKAGES;   -   ;This constant was deprecated in API level 8. The restartPackage(String) API is no longer supported.111;String;SEND_RESPOND_VIA_MESSAGE;   -   ;Allows an application (Phone) to send a request to other applications to handle the respond-via-message action during incoming calls.112;String;SEND_SMS;   -   ;Allows an application to send SMS messages.113;String;SET_ACTIVITY_WATCHER;   -   ;Allows an application to watch and control how activities are started globally in the system.114;String;SET_ALARM;   -   ;Allows an application to broadcast an Intent to set an alarm for the user.115;String;SET_ALWAYS_FINISH;   -   ;Allows an application to control whether activities are immediately finished when put in the background.116;String;SET_ANIMATION_SCALE;   -   ;Modify the global animation scaling factor.117;String;SET_DEBUG_APP;   -   ;Configure an application for debugging.118;String;SET_ORIENTATION;   -   ;Allows low-level access to setting the orientation (actually rotation) of the screen.119;String;SET_POINTER_SPEED;   -   ;Allows low-level access to setting the pointer speed.120;String;SET_PREFERRED_APPLICATIONS;   -   ;This constant was deprecated in API level 7. No longer useful, see addPackageToPreferred(String) for details.121;String;SET_PROCESS_LIMIT;   -   ;Allows an application to set the maximum number of (not needed) application processes that can be running.122;String;SET_TIME;   -   ;Allows applications to set the system time.123;String;SET_TIME_ZONE;   -   ;Allows applications to set the system time zone124;String;SET_WALLPAPER;   -   ;Allows applications to set the wallpaper125;String;SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS;   -   ;Allows applications to set the wallpaper hints126;String;SIGNAL_PERSISTENT_PROCESSES;   -   ;Allow an application to request that a signal be sent to all persistent processes.127;String;STATUS_BAR;   -   ;Allows an application to open, close, or disable the status bar and its icons.128;String;SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_READ;   -   ;Allows an application to allow access the subscribed feeds ContentProvider.129;String;SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_WRITE;   -   ;130;String;SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW;   -   ;Allows an application to open windows using the type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT, shown on top of all other applications.131;String;TRANSMIT_IR;   -   ;Allows using the device's IR transmitter, if available132;String;UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT;   -   ;Allows an application to uninstall a shortcut in Launcher133;String;UPDATE_DEVICE_STATS;   -   ;Allows an application to update device statistics.134;String;USE_CREDENTIALS;   -   ;Allows an application to request authtokens from the AccountManager135;String;USE_SIP;   -   ;Allows an application to use SIP service136;String;VIBRATE;   -   ;Allows access to the vibrator137;String;WAKE_LOCK;   -   ;Allows using PowerManager WakeLocks to keep processor from sleeping or screen from dimming138;String;WRITE_APN_SETTINGS;   -   ;Allows applications to write the apn settings.139;String;WRITE_CALENDAR;   -   ;Allows an application to write (but not read) the user's calendar data.140;String;WRITE_CALL_LOG;   -   ;Allows an application to write (but not read) the user's contacts data.141;String;WRITE_CONTACTS;   -   ;Allows an application to write (but not read) the user's contacts data.142;String;WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE;   -   ;Allows an application to write to external storage.143;String;WRITE_GSERVICES;   -   ;Allows an application to modify the Google service map.144;String;WRITE_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS;   -   ;Allows an application to write (but not read) the user's browsing history and bookmarks.145;String;WRITE_PROFILE;   -   ;Allows an application to write (but not read) the user's personal profile data.146;String;WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS;   -   ;Allows an application to read or write the secure system settings.147;String;WRITE_SETTINGS;   -   ;Allows an application to read or write the system settings.148;String;WRITE_SMS;   -   ;Allows an application to write SMS messages.149;String;WRITE_SOCIAL_STREAM;   -   ;"This constant was deprecated in API level 21. This functionality will be unsupported in the future; cursors returned will be empty. Please do not use."150;String;WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS;   -   ;Allows applications to write the sync settings151;String;WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY;   -   ;Allows an application to write to the user dictionary.152;String;WRITE_VOICEMAIL;   -   ;Allows an application to modify and remove existing voicemails in the system